Training Center
 - Scope of the Application:
	An Application that tracks the progress of the Students regarding specific Courses. The Training program consists in a set of courses that the student must take sequentially. Each course has a certain duration

- Features Required:
	1. Determine (considering the current date) when will the student complete the course.
	2. Calculate how many days and hours the students still has before the end of the program.
	3. If the program is complete, how many days and hours have passed since the student completed the program.
	4. The calculation results as well as student info and the studied program should be printed in the console
	5. Unit tests to cover the most important methods

- Requirements:
	1. Training is considered to be 5 working days a week, with an 8-hour school day, from 10 to 18.
	2. The date of the launch report is given by user input.
	3. The Output report can be displayed in two ways, a short report and a full report.

 - Application Flow:
 	User Input - Data Parser - Data Processing - Console Output

 - Classes needed:
 	1. An User Input Class - Class that takes the user input and parses it in the correct formats. Ex: The user is asked to enter information about student name, program that the student is taking and the starting date and time of the program

 	2. A base course class/enum - Class/enum that holds the data related to the specific courses present in a program. Ex: Course name and course duration in hours

 	3. A Program Class - Class that holds data about the Programs that the Students can take. Ex: Program name, courses present in the program, the total amount of hours of the program

 	4. A Student Class - Class the holds data about the Student. Ex: Student name, what program is the student studying, Date and Time of starting the program

 	5. A Time Calculator Class - Class that takes the time data from the student and calculates the amount of time left of the program or how much time has passed since the program was completed

 	6. A Training Center Class - Class that keeps evidence of the progress of the students that are currently enrolled

 	7. Data Output Class - Class that outputs is the console the data about the students. Two options available: Short Report or Full Report


User Input Class functionality:
Get the Student name
Get the Starting year, starting month, starting day and hour
Parse the data into a single string


